[ominous music playing]
[thunder crashes]
[music intensifies]
Come on. Let's go.
-[store bell rings]
-[girl 1] Wow.
Can I have it?
No.
That's too expensive.
We have to save
till we get to New York.
You really think
we're gonna make it?
[girl 2] Yeah.
we're gonna make it.
What if he finds us.
beats us again.
and locks us in the basement?
Hey. Butthead.
It will be worse
than last time.
Hey.
That life is over now. okay?
You're safe.
Hey. look at this.
You got a tattoo?
Yeah. it's cool. right?
No one's gonna
cage us ever again.
I promise.
All right. come on. Let's go.
[doorbell rings]
[dramatic musical sting]
[panting] It's him.
It's him. It's him.
[man] Saw two girls
come in here.
Where the fuck are they?
[manager] In the back.
[mouths] Quiet.
[man] Girls.
come on out.
I promise I'm not mad.
I know things have been hard
since Mom died.
but we're a family.
We gotta stick
together. right?
[grunts softly]
-[alarm beeping]
-[gasps]
-Hey!
-Go. go!
-[man] Hey!
-I'm calling the cops!
[man] Stop!
[girls panting]
[man] Come here.
Cut them off!
-[girl 1 screams]
-[tires squeal]
[suspenseful music playing]
[girl 2 panting]
[man] You stupid little bitch.
What you gonna do.
shoot your own father?
[girl 2] You'll never
touch her again.
I can't let you take her.
Get the fuck back.
[yells]
[father grunts]
[gasps]
[intriguing music playing]
[sobs]
[siren approaching]
[inaudible speech]
[sirens approaching]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pattering]
[man on radio] ...reconsider
any non-essential travel.
There is a severe weather
warning coming through.
It is not safe out there.
May I help you?
Hi.
I'm Isabelle Davison.
the new maid.
I spoke with
the superintendent
a few days ago.
That'd be me. Lily Woodhouse.
It's a pleasure to meet you
in the flesh. Isabelle.
Do you have any ID?
Yeah. Of course.
You sound different.
I'm getting over a cold.
Hmm.
[thunder rumbling]
[music playing]
[singer] ♪ Oh. I'm... ♪
[buzzes]
♪ ...so lonely.
lonely for you ♪
That's a lot of locks.
Mementos from olden times.
The Virgil was built in 1923.
The neighborhood
was different then.
full of criminals
and vagrants.
People vanished
in broad daylight.
No one cared.
Then came gentrification.
[woman chuckles in distance]
Now it's all coffee shops
and hipster bars.
[distant laughter]
Today. the Virgil
is one of the most
exclusive buildings
in Manhattan.
I must ask you
to surrender your phone
while you're on the premises.
[girl] Seriously?
[Lily] Our residents require
absolute privacy.
[woman] Is this her?
[Lily] Isabelle. our new maid.
Allow me to introduce
Miss Sharon.
owner of Eternus.
the fastest-growing
anti-aging cosmetics.
Dr. Sheapman
and his wife Anne.
our favorite residents.
Oh. my goodness.
You are soaking wet.
You must be freezing.
We need you strong.
Oh. I...
That's really not necessary.
Nonsense.
It looks great on you.
Just give it back to me later.
What happened to your eye?
Fell in the shower.
There's no shame in admitting
you're in trouble.
This is a safe space.
They say the eyes
are the windows to the soul.
Yours must be sad.
[chuckles] You'll have
to excuse my wife.
She's a writer.
[Lily] The first floor
is reserved for service staff.
[girl] How long have
you been working here?
[Lily scoffs]
Seems like an eternity.
Ladies.
Oh. give me a moment.
[woman laughs softly]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Oh. it's... it's a...
-Okay.
-I have a new offering.
[Lily chuckles]
Hmm?
[boy belches]
Hi. Piggy.
Excuse me?
That was not polite. Damian.
[laughs]
What are they celebrating?
Oh. it's a small tradition.
One of our maids
will be rewarded
tonight for her dedication.
These people
came here with nothing.
They were broken and lost.
I gave them a place to belong.
Ah. this is you.
-[man grunts]
-[gasps]
Ray. what are you doing
in there?
Picking up the trash.
I believe I told you.
Steer clear
of the new arrivals.
And I thought I told you
to leave me the fuck alone.
Well. I'm afraid
I can't do that.
I'm still your boss.
And your wife.
[chuckles drily]
-Love ya.
-Fuck off.
[sighs]
Sorry about that.
My husband drinks too much
and says crazy things.
Leaves stuff around
that frightens people.
If you find anything unusual.
just ignore it.
Tomorrow. I'll get you a key
and show you
the rest of the building.
Sweet dreams.
[zipper slides]
[ominous music playing]
[exhales]
[softly] God.
[thudding]
[cigarette lighter clicks]
-[heavy thud]
-[gasps]
[groans] Oh. shit.
[grunts]
[woman laughing]
[door opens]
[clanking]
Shit.
-[heavy clank]
-[gasps]
Hello?
[door slams]
[exhales]
[clicks]
[cigarette lighter clicks
repeatedly]
[ominous music playing]
[music building]
[lock clicking]
[lock rattles]
[snores softly]
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[glass clinking]
[dramatic musical sting]
[rasping breathing]
[breathes heavily]
[softly] Mm.
[rasping breath]
[figure grunts wheezily]
[gasps. pants]
[ominous music playing]
[bed creaking]
[breathes shallowly]
[both grunting]
-[grunts]
-[girl gasps]
[moans softly]
-[thudding]
-[gasps]
[thudding continues]
[grunts]
-[thudding continues]
-[grunts]
[grunts. pants]
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts]
[hissing]
[man] She's out.
He's out too.
Why didn't he wait for us?
I'm telling you.
he fucks them.
Fucking pervert.
[Sharon] I know.
[objects clattering]
[man] Chaps.
[Sharon] My jacket.
Oh. there's a stain.
[man 2] What happened?
[Sharon] This bitch
knocked out Bob.
[groans softly]
What the... Oh!
[screams]
Motherfucking shit!
[yells]
What the fuck was that?
[whimpering]
Isabelle. what are you doing?
This is ridiculous.
Just come out.
[girl] Fuck you.
you fucking cocksuckers!
Hmm.
-[clattering]
-[grunts]
Oh. for crying out loud.
Come on. guys.
It's just one girl.
Tell that to Bob.
[Bob gasps. shudders]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[chuckles]
[man] Gotcha.
-[blade swishes]
-[Sharon gasps]
[creaking]
[up-tempo organ music playing]
-[heavy thud]
-[blade whooshes]
[Sharon gasps]
[yells]
[all grunting]
[Sharon yells]
[Sharon screams]
[groans]
[gasps]
[blood splashing]
[agonized groan]
[both grunting]
[girl yells]
[panting]
[grunts]
-[blade thuds]
-[grunts]
[agonized yell]
[yells]
[screams]
[breathes heavily]
[gun clicks]
[breath trembling]
[grunts]
[upbeat rap music playing]
Who are you?
[gun clicks]
[Sharon grunts]
[cries out]
[knife whooshing]
[screams]
[screaming. yelling]
[shouts unintelligibly]
I can't understand
what you're saying.
[yells]
[Bob grunts]
[exhales]
[dramatic music playing]
[girl grunts]
[hand clap]
That was unexpected.
[blade whooshes]
Something tells me you weren't
entirely honest with me.
Well. neither were you.
I guess we're both liars.
I have... questions.
Answer mine first.
Who...
the fuck...
are you?
[dramatic musical sting]
[gentle music playing]
[Asia panting]
[Asia] Ten years ago.
I made the biggest
mistake of my life.
I should have
protected my sister.
but I panicked. and I ran.
It was the last time
I saw her.
That fucker survived.
Maria got put back
in his custody.
I got caught. eventually.
You okay?
Now it's time
to make things right.
[Asia grunts]
Get her.
[inmates shouting in distance]
[buzzer sounds]
[private investigator] Yeah.
I've heard this 1.000 times.
You got a parole hearing
coming up.
You should lay low.
[Asia scoffs]
Did I hire you for advice?
[private investigator sighs]
Last known photo.
Maria Reaves.
Taken at a New Jersey motel
before she disappeared.
I tracked her phone
to the last place it worked.
An exclusive co-op building.
uptown Manhattan.
Virgil.
Virgil's got a sketchy rep.
Some folks
they hire go missing.
Mostly minorities. illegals.
people off the street.
So what are you saying?
She. um...
Your sister is in trouble.
Cops won't look too hard.
especially
with the rich involved.
Get this.
I talked to some
cleaning ladies
that knew Maria.
A few days ago.
one of them got a call
from that
building manager. Lily.
She offered her
a gig as a maid.
No shit.
She starts next month.
What's her name?
[doorbell rings]
Isabelle Davison?
Yes?
My name...
is Asia Reaves.
And I have come
for my sister Maria.
Now. I don't know
what the fuck
is going on in here.
But I know one thing.
If she's alive.
give her to me.
and pray
I am in a forgiving mood.
'Cause if she's dead...
You're an avenger.
[sighs] That explains a lot.
You must love
your sister very much
to risk your life for her.
Where is she?
I'd like to help you.
But I too have a family
to care for.
A rather unusual family
with rather unusual needs.
[dramatic music playing]
[flesh crackling]
Just a flesh wound.
[Lily] Get the blade!
[Asia panting]
Oh. my...
I got her. Mrs. Lily!
I got her!
[both grunting]
[man] Oh. Asia. come on.
Stop it!
[Asia and maid grunt]
[man] Killing us
won't help you.
Just give up.
[Sharon] Yeah. give up.
[whimpers]
What have you done to my mom.
you bitch?
Shut up!
I killed all of you...
Fucking broad!
[Asia yells]
You little shit!
[yells. pants]
-Get up!
-[Bob grunts]
[maid groans]
Sophia. dear.
when you resurrect.
please remember
to clean up the blood.
Yes. Mrs. Lily.
[exhales]
-[flesh squishes]
-[Lily grunts]
What the fuck is going on?
[screams]
[yelling]
[Lily] Asia.
the building's locked down.
You can't escape.
-[Asia yells]
-Be reasonable. Open the door.
Fuck you.
[Lily] Have it your way.
You're not the first.
You won't be the last.
Nobody gets out of here alive.
[Asia strains. grunts]
What the fucking...
[grunting]
[Lily] Steve.
break this goddamn door open.
No! No!
Come on.
[strains]
[panting]
Yes!
[strains]
[pounding at door]
[ominous note plays]
-[heavy thud]
-[gasps]
[eerie music playing]
[panting]
[Asia grunts softly]
[grunts. pants]
[man] We should
tell the others.
[Lily] No one needs to know.
It happens quickly and quietly
before tonight's ceremony.
[man] You think
we can hide this?
Your job is to find someone
nice and helpless.
Does anything
about that vicious bitch
seem nice or helpless to you?
[Lily] Kevin. darling.
how is it possible
that five of you
couldn't capture one girl?
[Kevin] She was armed!
-[Lily] And you're immortal!
-[Sharon] It still hurts!
[Lily] Pull it together.
We owe an offering tonight.
We have to find her.
[Kevin] What about her sister?
-[book thuds]
-[Lily] Shh.
Did you hear that?
[Kevin] Hear what? No.
Didn't hear anything.
[scraping]
-Ah.
-[exhales]
[strains. grunts]
[Lily] Get her!
-[pounding on door]
-[grunts]
[Lily] Don't kill her!
[Kevin] I'll just
cut her up a bit.
[Kevin grunting]
[Asia grunts]
[cries out. whimpers]
[Kevin] Gotcha.
I warned you.
Running is pointless.
You could have
avoided the pain.
-[strains]
-[flesh rips]
[cries in pain]
[panting]
Eat shit!
[Sharon grunts]
What the fuck are you doing?
We need her alive!
[Asia panting]
[dramatic music playing]
[breathes heavily]
[Sharon laughs]
I'm gonna tear you apart.
bitch!
Are you ready to die?
Leave me alone. bitch!
[grunts. pants]
[Sharon laughs]
Wrong way!
[Sharon grunts]
[cries out]
[Sharon yells in agony]
[blade thuds repeatedly]
[Asia] Fucking die!
[breathes heavily]
[panting]
[grunts]
[shudders]
-[cries out]
-[Sharon grunts]
[groans] Oh. I'm sick
of you killing me!
[growls]
[gasps]
And stay dead. bitch!
[coughs. gasps]
[breathing rapidly]
[shudders]
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[gasps]
[Asia screams. whimpers]
Get away from me!
What the hell? Oh. my God!
[whimpers]
[suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
[exhales]
[muffled gasp]
[Ray] You didn't
get my message.
[Asia] What message?
[Ray] On the fucking mirror.
What the fuck
is going on here?
The shit you're in is deeper
than you can imagine.
[Ray] This building
is a temple for Satan.
It's been around
for 100 years.
but the family's roots
go back much further.
Our founders discovered
a way to communicate
with the other side
through a sacred conduit.
They made a deal.
Immortality.
In exchange
for human sacrifices.
As long as your name
is on the list.
you cannot die.
Most of the members
are rich assholes
with the power to protect
Virgil's secrets.
They lure in poor bastards
like you...
Virgil was built in 1923.
[Ray] ...just to turn them
into offerings.
But once in a while.
the chosen few are spared
and given the chance
to join the family.
I'm so glad
we didn't kill you.
It is so hard
to find good help.
[Ray] Bust your ass.
and you might
climb up the ladder.
Like Lily.
Fuck up.
and your name will be erased
from the list.
making you mortal again.
[Asia] Fuck me!
[Ray] Aptly put.
Because tonight.
you are the offering.
[Asia grunting]
Wait. wait!
I blew this bitch's head off.
and she still came after me.
How do you kill them?
[Ray] Did you
even listen to me?
While they're on the list.
you can't.
You can only slow them down
for a few seconds.
maybe a minute.
depending on the damage.
[Asia] But I blew
her fucking head off!
[Ray] She'll grow it back.
They always come back.
[mysterious music playing]
[Ray grunts]
[Asia] What if I chop them
into a thousand pieces
and set them on fire?
[Ray] Even if
there's one piece left.
even a slice of skin
will still keep
living on its own.
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[mysterious music playing]
[distant moaning]
[people moaning]
What the hell is this place?
Fuck floor.
Immortality gets boring
after a while.
So each floor caters
to a different vice.
If you're one of them.
why are you helping me?
I have my reasons.
[Ray grunts]
Hold your fire.
-[pounding on door]
-[woman] Let me out.
Why did you lock me in here?
[Asia] Maria?
I thought you were dead.
I thought you were in prison.
What are you doing here?
I came here to save you.
Butthead.
This whole building.
it's. like...
it's a satanic cult.
They have human sacrifices.
I know.
You know?
Yeah.
Come on. Let's go.
[mysterious music playing]
[siren blaring]
[man clears throat]
I don't get it.
I found you on the streets.
I give you shelter
and a good job.
Why would you
tell the other girls I am.
and I quote.
"a fucking asshole"?
I'm very grateful
for everything
you've done for me. Richie.
No. no. you're not.
I am.
Here's the thing. I...
I want to believe you.
But it's just words. y'know.
And as we've just established.
you can't really trust
what people are saying.
Now. if you could do something
to prove you're grateful.
well. maybe then
I would believe you.
[thunder rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[exhales]
It doesn't appear so.
but it's your lucky day.
Ordinarily.
we'd slit your throat
in the name of our Lord.
but one of our maids
was just caught stealing.
You could take her place.
Finally stop struggling
and have a home
where you belong.
We'll take care of you.
Understand?
Splendid.
[musical sting]
This is my home now.
I'm not going
anywhere with you.
Well. I'm not leaving
without you.
You already have.
What? Do you think I need you?
When I was a kid.
I needed you.
The night you abandoned me.
While you were in prison
and our piece-of-shit father
was beating
the crap out of me.
I really needed you.
But you are too late now.
I don't need you.
Wow!
Go ahead and run.
Try not to get
caught this time.
[clears throat softly]
Do you have any idea
what I went through
to find you?
I don't care.
Fuck you.
-No. Fuck you.
-No. bitch. Fuck you.
Fuck you!
[Asia exhales]
Family reunions
can be challenging.
This changes nothing.
She's coming with me
whether she wants to or not.
You don't understand.
It's not that simple for her.
[Asia] I don't care.
How do you get out of here?
This whole building
was designed
to be a death trap.
All the windows
are shatterproof.
You've seen the locks
on the front door.
Now. there is one way out.
It's a fire escape ladder
off the roof.
But you have to go through
the ninth floor.
and that's the last place
you want to be.
Oh. hell. I'll help you.
I'm done with this shit.
Mmm.
[Asia grunts]
You little son of a bitch!
[panting]
Hey! Have you seen her?
Hey!
Shit! Fuck!
What happened to your head?
What? I don't understand.
You...
What...
Oh! Fuck floor!
She's found her sister.
[message alert beeps]
You!
[grunts]
[elevator beeps]
Come on!
[Asia grunting]
[BDSM Grandma] Wait! Holy...
[screams]
[BDSM Grandpa] Hey. get off!
[Ray grunting]
[yells]
Fucking bitch!
That is it.
I'm done fucking around.
We need everyone.
-Wait a minute.
-Not even a discussion.
You fucking traitor.
Go.
[dramatic music playing]
[bell dings]
[strains]
[footsteps approaching]
[growls]
[gun clicks]
[Maria's muffled cry]
[Asia's breath trembling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts. groans]
[whimpers]
[cries out]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[groans]
-[heavy thud]
-[gasps]
[chokes]
[heavy thud]
[moans softly]
[Lily] Just tell me one thing.
Why?
I'm tired of paying
the bill with blood. Lily.
Didn't bother you
for 100 years.
Back in the day. when this
neighborhood was a shithole...
I convinced myself that
we were making things better
by taking the scum
off the streets.
But now...
our victims are good people.
There's nothing good
about that girl.
Oh. yeah? And what about
the previous one
and the one before?
There's nothing good
about them. too?
The world is not fair. Ray.
I did not make it so.
Shall I remind you
what it was like for us
before we came to Virgil?
I remember.
We were all alone.
We had each other.
With the whole world
against us.
The family are the only ones
who accepted us.
They gave us a home.
This isn't a home. Lily.
It's a fucking prison.
Let's go make an announcement.
If you still care for me.
for us.
I would think very seriously
about what you do next.
This might be a prison.
but it's my prison.
Watch him.
You look better this way.
[squeaks]
[Lily] I apologize
for the late announcement.
I hoped it wouldn't
come to this.
but our offering is on
the loose in the building.
Her real name is Asia Reaves.
I just dropped her picture
in the group chat.
We disabled the elevators.
Every tenant. every floor.
be on the lookout.
We need her alive.
But feel free
to make her suffer.
Asia. mark my words.
I will personally
sacrifice you...
to our Lord.
[moans softly]
Picked another fight
you can't win.
I can't watch you die.
Get to the elevator shaft.
I'll try to distract them.
You can still make it.
[Asia] Wait.
[grunts]
Really wish things had
turned out differently.
[footsteps receding]
[door closes]
[woman squealing]
[Asia] Maria!
[Asia grunts]
[yells]
[ominous music playing]
[panting]
[both grunting]
[Asia yelling]
[eerie laughter]
[growling. grunting]
[grunts. panting]
[eerie high-pitched laugh]
[dramatic percussive
music playing]
[Maria's muffled grunting]
Run!
[screams]
You fuckers!
[yells]
[assailant groans]
[cries out. grunts]
Maria!
[dramatic music playing]
[muffled cries]
[yells]
[rap music playing]
[grunting]
[grunts. pants]
-[yells]
-[grunts]
[yells]
How many of you are there?
[assailant yelling]
[sizzling]
[cries in agony]
[both yelling]
Give up!
[dramatic musical sting]
[rap music continues]
[Asia yelling]
[exhales]
[grunts]
No. no! Wait! Wait!
Listen. I know you think
we're terrible people.
But if you get
to know us better.
we're actually really nice.
We spared your sister.
Look. this is my wife. Anne.
She liked you.
You remember her?
[Asia pants]
Maria?
I missed you.
I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I fucked up so badly.
-I just... I...
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
You should have left me.
Never.
[water splashing]
[man grunts]
[Asia] We have
to get out of here.
[Lily sighs]
[door shuts]
[Lily exhales]
[door opens]
We checked upstairs.
All clear.
There's no way
she could have gotten past.
Come on.
[dramatic music playing]
Go!
I'm sorry. Lily.
We tried our best.
Search the floor.
[Asia grunts] Ah. fuck.
Let me see.
It's fine.
Sit down.
[Asia exhales]
Where did you learn
how to fight like that?
[inmates yelling. grunting]
-Prison.
-Oh.
Was it tough?
Better than living with Dad.
You know he died
two years ago?
No shit.
Did you kill him?
No.
Cancer.
Look. I shouldn't have
abandoned you back then.
You needed me
to protect you from Dad.
and I wasn't there.
I swear there isn't a day
in the last ten years
that I don't regret that.
You can't fix the past.
No.
But I thought. if we don't
make it out of here tonight.
I wanted you to know that.
[male cultist]
Send more people
to guard the entrance.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Maria] You good?
-Yeah.
[Asia panting]
-[grunts]
-[bullet ricochets]
[gun clicking]
-[Maria] Asia.
-Yes.
[Maria] Come on! Shoot him!
[air whooshing]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[yells]
[Maria] Go!
[grunts]
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
[Maria yelling]
[man yells]
[Asia] Fuck!
[grunts]
[Lily] That's it.
It's over.
[suspenseful music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
No. it's not.
You're ridiculous.
[cultists laugh]
You need me alive
for the sacrifice. don't you?
Let Maria go.
or I'll jump.
-You can scrape up
what's left.
-[Maria] Asia. no.
So selfless.
And so misguided.
Do you even know whose life
you're fighting for?
Lily. please.
The fuck
are you talking about?
Didn't you ever think...
How exactly
did your dear sister
come from being just
another one of our sacrifices
to have a chance
to join our family?
What deal has she made?
We'll take care of you.
Do you understand?
[Maria] Yes.
Splendid.
You will pledge to our Lord.
When the time comes.
you will put your name
on the list.
Then you seal
the deal with blood.
You kill your sacrifice. dear.
One death for one life.
A small price for immortality.
But if you break your word.
run away.
or don't find an offering...
our Lord will take you.
[dramatic music playing]
[Maria] I didn't
want to hurt anyone.
But there was no way
out of this deal.
I committed
my soul to the Devil.
Isabelle Davison.
a woman from my last job.
was supposed
to be my sacrifice.
Oh. it's a small tradition.
[Maria] But instead.
you showed up.
[Lily] One of our maids
will be rewarded tonight
for her dedication.
[Maria] And now.
I'm out of time.
[glasses clink]
To Isabelle's memory.
[all] To Isabelle.
-Salud.
[Maria] Without
a sacrifice tonight...
[swallows. exhales]
...I'm dead.
I feel sorry for you. Asia.
Honestly.
All this for nothing.
Take them.
-No. No. no. no.
-Come on. Move!
No! No! No!
[ethereal music playing]
[Asia grunts]
[snarls]
[Asia whimpers]
[winces. cries out]
[groans in pain]
Now we go see the head.
If he asks. just play along.
I hope he's in a good mood.
[mysterious music playing]
[Asia grunts]
[grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
Pig on a stick?
Really?
Show some goddamn respect.
[Asia winces]
[low growl]
[low grunt]
[snorts]
[grunts. snorts]
[low growling]
[The Head wheezes]
[eerie howling]
The unclean spirit
entered the swine.
[Lily] My Lord. we have
a new offering for you.
Fuck me.
We also brought you
Ray and Maria. my Lord.
They both have betrayed us.
[low growl]
[snarls]
It was a lapse in judgment.
m'Lord.
Ray felt sorry for the girl.
Liar.
Ray is out.
[snarls]
Kill him. Lily.
Or die.
[gasps] No. please.
I beg of you.
[bellows]
No. no. No.
I can't let you go.
I made my choice.
Now it's your turn. darling.
[blade slashes]
[Lily gasps]
[The Head growls]
[Kevin grunting]
Now. girls.
[blade clangs]
[The Head] Maria...
your time has come.
I'm sorry. m'Lord.
I shouldn't have helped her.
Please give me another chance.
I'll do whatever it takes.
What?
[The Head growls]
Then kill your sister.
Maria.
Please.
I'm sorry.
[dramatic music playing]
[The Head] Write your name.
Join us.
Thank you. m'Lord.
[The Head chuckles]
[snorts. grunts]
[grunts with pleasure]
Now...
seal the deal.
[Asia's muffled grunts]
I wish we had more time.
[exhales]
This is the only way.
-[blade slashes]
-[grunts]
[somber music playing]
I'm so sorry.
[The Head growls]
Is she dead?
Looks pretty dead to me.
[Asia grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
One death for one life.
[Asia yelling]
[Lily] Maria
sacrificed herself
to make Asia immortal!
Holy fuck.
[Lily exhales]
[The Head growls]
Get the skin! Erase her name!
[grunts]
Dude.
[growls]
[heavy rock music playing]
-[choking]
-[Asia grunts]
[Asia yells. exhales]
[grunts]
[groans in agony]
[Asia yells]
[both grunting]
[Sharon gasps]
[gasps]
[The Head growls]
[Lily and Asia grunting]
-[Bob grunts]
-[Asia yelps]
Ha! Help me. my Lord.
-[steam hisses]
-[Bob grunts]
[gasps]
[choking]
[exhales]
[The Head grunting]
[roars]
[screeching]
[screeches]
[growls]
[low growl]
You want to play with swords?
Let's play.
[roaring]
[yells]
[Asia yells]
[both grunting]
[Asia groans]
[The Head as Maria]
Hey. Butthead.
you should have left me.
I'd still be alive.
I died because of you.
Leave...
my sister...
alone.
[intriguing music playing]
[snarls]
[yells]
[screeches]
[The Head squeals]
[Lily screams]
[scream echoes]
[flesh squelching]
[The Head snorts]
[snorts]
I want my sister back.
Of course you do.
You know the deal.
One death for one life.
I think we can
do better than that.
[howls]
[grunts]
[coughs. splutters]
[cigarette lighter clicks]
Shit.
[roars in pain]
[rap song playing]
Just a flesh wound.
[chokes]
[grunts]
Oh. no.
[groans]
I'll see you...
in hell...
Asia Reaves.
[The Head screaming]
I fucking hope so. bitch.
[screams echo]
If I were you. I'd clear out.
[dramatic music playing]
[Asia grunts. pants]
[alarm ringing]
[grunts]
What happened in there?
Rich people.
Hmm.
[Asia exhales]
[sighs]
Hey. I'm... I'm...
I'm just so sorry
for your loss.
I could take you
wherever you...
What is that?
What the fuck is that?
-[Maria gasps]
-Jesus Christ!
[Maria hyperventilates]
[exhales]
Maria.
-Asia.
-[private investigator]
What the fuck?
What happened?
Well. that's a great question.
because you were
just fuckin' dead!
[The Head groaning]
[Asia] I changed
my name to yours.
And I killed
all those motherfuckers.
What the hell
are you two talking about?
[giggles]
I told you.
I'm never gonna
leave you again.
[chuckles softly]
You know what?
I don't want to know.
Fuck it.
Fuck it! [chuckles]
-[engine starts]
-Where we going?
As far away
from here as possible.
I actually wouldn't
mind some breakfast.
[upbeat rock song playing]
[grunting]
-[blade slashing]
-[The Head grunting]
[The Head screaming]
[percussive music playing]
[somber organ music playing]
[music increases in tempo]
[demonic voices singing]
[evil laughter echoes]